0.82 changelog (#33500)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.82 - June 2024 Update

In this release, we focused on stability and improvements.

**Highlights**

 - New feature added to PowerRename to allow using sequences of random characters and UUIDs when renaming files. Thanks [@jhirvioja](https://github.com/jhirvioja)!
 - Improvements in the Paste As JSON feature to better handle other CSV delimiters and converting from ini files. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!

>  - Fixed many crashes that were reported to Microsoft servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Bug fixes and stability
```

 - Fixed a crash when trying to update window bounds and File Explorer already disposed the preview.

### Find My Mouse

 - Added the option to have to use the Windows + Control keys to activate. Thanks [@Gentoli](https://github.com/Gentoli)!

### Hosts File Editor

 - Improved spacing definitions in the UI so that hosts name are not hidden when resizing and icons are well aligned. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
 - Added horizontal scroll instead of wrapping in the additional lines dialog. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
 - Improved the duplication check's logic to improve performance and take into account features that were introduced after it. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Installer

 - Fixed the remaining install failures when the folders the DSC module is to be installed in isn't accessible by the WiX installer for user scope installations.
 - Fixed an issue causing ARM 64 uninstall process to not correctly finding powershell 7 to run uninstall scripts.

### Peek

 - Prevent activating Peek when the user is renaming a file. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

>  - Added support to preview special folders like Recycle Bin and My PC instead of throwing an error.

Reviewer 2: Thank you is missing.

Author: @drawbyperpetual is part of the core team 😄

### Color Picker

 - Fixed the opaque background corners in the picker that were introduced after the upgrade to WPFUI.

### Developer Files Preview (Monaco)

 - Improved the syntax highlight for .gitignore files. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Checking for the sticky scroll option in code behind was being done twice. Removed one of the checks. Thanks [@downarowiczd](https://github.com/downarowiczd)!

### Environment Variables Editor

 - Added clarity to the UI section tooltips. Thanks [@anson-poon](https://github.com/anson-poon)!

### File Explorer add-ons

 - Fixed a crash when the preview handlers received a 64-bit handle from the OS. Thanks [@z4pf1sh](https://github.com/z4pf1sh)!
 - Fixed a crash when trying to update window bounds and File Explorer already disposed the preview.

### Find My Mouse

 - Added the option to have to use the Windows + Control keys to activate. Thanks [@Gentoli](https://github.com/Gentoli)!

### Hosts File Editor

 - Improved spacing definitions in the UI so that hosts name are not hidden when resizing and icons are well aligned. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!

>  - Added horizontal scroll instead of wrapping in the additional lines dialog. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!

Reviewer 3: Nit: this is not an addition, but a **change**

Author: I've changed the text, thank you!

 - Improved the duplication check's logic to improve performance and take into account features that were introduced after it. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Installer

 - Fixed the remaining install failures when the folders the DSC module is to be installed in isn't accessible by the WiX installer for user scope installations.
 - Fixed an issue causing ARM 64 uninstall process to not correctly finding powershell 7 to run uninstall scripts.

### Peek

 - Prevent activating Peek when the user is renaming a file. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
 - Added support to preview special folders like Recycle Bin and My PC instead of throwing an error.
 - Fixed a crash caused by double releasing a COM object from the module interface.

### Power Rename

 - Improved apostrophe character handling for the Capitalize and Titlecase renaming flags. Thanks [@anthonymonforte](https://github.com/anthonymonforte)!
 - Added a feature to allow using sequences of random characters or UUIDs when renaming files. Thanks [@jhirvioja](https://github.com/jhirvioja)!

### PowerToys Run

>  - Made the PowerToys Run search bar opaque to prevent the title bar accent from showing through its transparency. (This was a hotfix for 0.81)

Reviewer 3: This is changed again (mentioned below) so if it's not in the 0.82 release, it may not be in the release notes

Author: Removed it, thank you!

>  - Removed full stops from the plugin descriptions for consistency in the UI. Thanks [@HydroH](https://github.com/HydroH)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Improved the plugin descriptions for consistency in the UI. Thanks [@HydroH](https://github.com/HydroH)!
```
?

 - Fixed PowerToys Run hanging when trying to close an unresponsive window in the WindowWalker plugin. Thanks [@GhostVaibhav](https://github.com/GhostVaibhav)!
 - Fixed the example in the UnitConverter description to reduce confusion with the inches abbreviation (now uses "to" instead of "in"). Thanks [@acekirkpatrick](https://github.com/acekirkpatrick)!
 - Brought the acrylic background back and applied a proper fix to the titlebar accent showing through transparency.
 - Fixed an issue causing the transparency from the UI disappearing after some time.

### Quick Accent

 - Added support for the Crimean Tatar character set. Thanks [@cor-bee](https://github.com/cor-bee)!
 - Added the Numero symbol and double acute accent character. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Added the International Phonetic Alphabet characters. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Fixed the character description center positioning. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Added feminine and masculine ordinal indicator characters to the Portuguese character set. Thanks [@octastylos-pseudodipteros](https://github.com/octastylos-pseudodipteros)!

### Screen Ruler

>  - Updated the default activation hotkey to Win+Control+Shift+M, in order to not conflict with the built-in Windows Explorer shortcut that restores minimized windows (Win+Shift+M). Thanks [@nx-frost](https://github.com/nx-frost)!

Author: Improved it, thank you!
